Name: Alex James Hislop
Document Name: (AJHD) Brimstone-Like Frameworks
Date: (04/21/2019)

Description:
Utilization of certain things in regards to brimstone culture to be able to implement in certain society. Like being able to fruit that are shaped like beings head and the fruit part looks like brains. Being able to get porridge from jerking off a phallic object and other kinds of stuff. Being able to bet the shit out of each other in a living room gladiatorial sport where we don't have to feel pain and suffering from it. Where we can invite our friends to be a part of the gladiator crowd. Torture sims that seem so life-like with the perfect safeties to keep us who we want to be in which can pertain to brimstone mentality. Those constant fight areas where people below can utilize to still be in the fight always if you wanted and in ways where you don't necessarily have to be hurt so bad if you didn't want to be hurt so bad where the aggressor can still feel satisfied by the ways that my Main Spirit Guides indicated. Cooking areas in certain existences where you can cook certain things in a brimstone way without being attacked and harmed. The idea on this is to be able to promote certain kinds of immorality without certain peoples getting harmed and being attacked yet still being able to enjoy the interaction and ascetics of brimstone and immorality as well as others(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated.  

Disclaimers:
I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Camp indicated in regards to myself for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated in regards to those that my Main Camp indicated for what they chose for the "(AJHD) Brimstone-Like Frameworks" information that my Main Camp indicated, takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated, takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information in the Light for what they chose for the information that my Main Camp indicated and Others that my Main Camp indicated takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) documents and information that my Main Camp indicated as well as Others(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within the "(AJHD) Brimstone-Like Frameworks" information that my Main Camp indicated as well as the information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The information and what my Main Camp indicated that are in play in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are chosen by my Main Camp the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's Authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's Authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's Authority outside of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) consider to be Far Away Light is the Far Away Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. For myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) All That Is, the Dimensions and what my Main Camp indicated is fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Far Away Light and others(defined by my Main Camp) can be a part of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Advocations, Disclaimers, Testifications, as well as what my Main Camp indicated are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light, especially that in which is immoral, the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment that happens because of this information and Others(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) choose what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to choose in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) give the permissions that my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to advocate in regards to the "(AJHD) Brimstone-Like Frameworks" information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information in the Light in regards to the Alex James Hislop safety and Information documents that my Main Camp indicated takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The Chains of Commands in regards to document structure, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated is fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. These disclaimers and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light and pertains to what my Main Camp indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for Clarifications to be Defended the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the Disclaimer teams that my Main Camp indicated and Advocation Teams that my Main Camp indicated to be protected the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect, Impact, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) pertaining to these disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop.
[AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TN:(AJHF44DT:MCSMain)|VC:(Denray-02/12/2019)|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(*<-+->*)|(NOTES)]