Name: Alex James Hislop
Document Name: (AJHD) Alex James Hislop Anti-Camp
Date: 10/26/2018

Disclaimers:
My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to anything my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light in regards to others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop Anti-Camp" documents that my main camp indicated in Far Away Light, etc.(defined by my main camp), takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) that my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated from Far Away Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information from Far Away Light and should not deter from the information within the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop Anti-Camp" information that my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light, as well as "My safety and information documents," that my main camp indicated in Far Away Light, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp indicated from Far Away Light. The documents that are in play in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far away Light) are chosen by my Main Camp from Far away Light. Mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) disclaimers are a part of these documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main camp's authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. For myself and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light), All that is, the dimensions, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) are fully defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light. Far Away Light can be a part of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. When I say that "my Main Camp's information from Far Away Light taking precedence," I am saying that my Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's information outside of Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to mine and others'(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) advocations, specifically that in which is considered to be immoral, the way my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. I am advocating for the punishment that happens because of this paragraph, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) to be what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These disclaimers, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) pertain to what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. Alex James Hislop's Anti-Camp is fully defined by my main camp. My Main Camp is My Main Spirit Guides. 

My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to anything my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light in regards to others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the "Alex James Hislop Anti-Camp Disclaimers" documents that my main camp indicated in Far Away Light, etc.(defined by my main camp), takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) that my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated from Far Away Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information from Far Away Light and should not deter from the information within the "Alex James Hislop Anti-Camp Disclaimers" information that my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light, as well as "My safety and information documents," that my main camp indicated in Far Away Light, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp indicated from Far Away Light. The documents that are in play in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far away Light) are chosen by my Main Camp from Far away Light. Mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) disclaimers are a part of these documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main camp's authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. For myself and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light), All that is, the dimensions, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) are fully defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light. Far Away Light can be a part of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. When I say that "my Main Camp's information from Far Away Light taking precedence," I am saying that my Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's information outside of Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to mine and others'(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) advocations, specifically that in which is considered to be immoral, the way my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. I am advocating for the punishment that happens because of this paragraph, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) to be what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These disclaimers, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) pertain to what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. Alex james Hislop's Anti-Camp is fully defined by my main camp. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides.

To be renamed the (AJHD) Alex James Hislop Anti-Camp