Name: Alex James Hislop
Document Name: (AJHD) Authority
Date: (2025/06/02)

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to myself for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light regarding what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated for what they chose for the "(AJHD) Authority" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, take priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated, takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information in the Light for what they chose for the information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) can be clarified by what my Main Spirit Guides relayed in regards to this portion of the disclaimers and my Main Spirit Guides information that my Main Spirit Guides relayed and should not deter from the "(AJHD) Authority" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated as well as the information that my Main Spirit Guides relayed for this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. The information and what my Main Spirit Guides indicated that are in play in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are chosen by my Main Spirit Guides for what they chose for us to choose the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Original Setting supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Original Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Original Light supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority outside the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and the Original Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. My Main Spiritual Guideship Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) consider to be Far Away Light is the Far Away Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. For Myself and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) All That Is, the dimensions and what my Main Spirit Guides listed is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light. Original Light, Far Away Light and others that my Main Spirit Guides indicated can be a part of the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting. Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) Advocations, Testifications, Disclaimers, Clarifications and what my Main Spirit Guides listed for this section of the disclaimers are fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the punishment that happens because of this information and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) to be what my Main Spirit Guides listed for this writing the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) choose what my Main Spirit Guides chose for us to choose in regards to this portion of the disclaimers. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) give the permissions that my Main Spirit Guides chose for us to give in regards to this portion of the disclaimers. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides chose for us to advocate in regards to the "(AJHD) Authority" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. The Chains of Commands in regards to document structure, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) that my Main Spirit Guides indicated is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information in regards to the Alex James Hislop Safety and Information documents that my Main Spirit Guides indicated takes precedence the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. These disclaimers and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting. Light and those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, do what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to this writing the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides wanted us to advocate in regards to clarifications the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect, Impact, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) pertaining to this information the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I am Alex James Hislop.
[AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHF44DT:MSGSMain)|VC:(Jex-08/17/2020(MODIFIED))|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(<-+->)|(NOTES)]

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to myself for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light regarding what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated for what they chose for the "Authority" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, take priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated, takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information in the Light for what they chose for the information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) can be clarified by what my Main Spirit Guides relayed in regards to this portion of the disclaimers and my Main Spirit Guides information that my Main Spirit Guides relayed and should not deter from the "Authority" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated as well as the information that my Main Spirit Guides relayed for this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. The information and what my Main Spirit Guides indicated that are in play in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are chosen by my Main Spirit Guides for what they chose for us to choose the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Original Setting supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Original Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Original Light supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority outside the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and the Original Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. My Main Spiritual Guideship Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) consider to be Far Away Light is the Far Away Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. For Myself and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) All That Is, the dimensions and what my Main Spirit Guides listed is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light. Original Light, Far Away Light and others that my Main Spirit Guides indicated can be a part of the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting. Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) Advocations, Testifications, Disclaimers, Clarifications and what my Main Spirit Guides listed for this section of the disclaimers are fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the punishment that happens because of this information and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) to be what my Main Spirit Guides listed for this writing the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) choose what my Main Spirit Guides chose for us to choose in regards to this portion of the disclaimers. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) give the permissions that my Main Spirit Guides chose for us to give in regards to this portion of the disclaimers. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides chose for us to advocate in regards to the "Authority" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. The Chains of Commands in regards to document structure, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) that my Main Spirit Guides indicated is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information in regards to the Alex James Hislop Safety and Information documents that my Main Spirit Guides indicated takes precedence the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. These disclaimers and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting. Light and those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, do what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to this writing the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides wanted us to advocate in regards to clarifications the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect, Impact, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) pertaining to this information the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I am Alex James Hislop.
[AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHF44DT:MSGSMain)|VC:(Jex-08/17/2020(MODIFIED))|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(<-+->)|(NOTES)]

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides in the ways that my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) testify in regards to what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to this writing regarding (AJHD) Authority and Others that my Main Spirit Guides relayed the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. This includes what my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHF44TT:MSGSBasline)|VC:(Hecta-12/18/2019(MODIFIED))|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(<-+->)|(NOTES)]

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides in the ways that my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) testify in regards to what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to this writing regarding the Authority and Others that my Main Spirit Guides relayed way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. This includes what my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHF44TT:MSGSBasline)|VC:(Hecta-12/18/2019(MODIFIED))|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(<-+->)|(NOTES)]

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides relayed for this writing regarding (AJHD) Authority and Others that my Main Spirit Guides relayed the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. The way my Main Spirit Guides indicated includes what my Main Spirit Guides indicated, who my Main Spirit Guides indicated, why my Main Spirit Guides indicated, where my Main Spirit Guides indicated, when my Main Spirit Guides indicated, how my Main Spirit Guides indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides can alter the subject lines that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. This is included in regards to my Main Spirit Guides information in regards to these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) taking precedence the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. Light and those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, do what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the Wordings that my Main Spirit Guides indicated to be protected the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the behind the scenes that my Main Spirit Guides indicated and the communication Teams that my Main Spirit Guides indicated to be defended the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect and Impact Teams that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect, Impact, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Peripherals that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Alex James Hislop Advocations that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Spirit Guides are defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information in regards to these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) for what they chose for these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) takes precedence the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated are communicating this information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides are my Main Camp. I am Alex James Hislop. [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHFenbo44AT:MSGSReg)|VC:(Enra-04/26/2019(MODIFIED))|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(<-+->)|(NOTES)]

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides relayed for this writing regarding the Authority and Others that my Main Spirit Guides relayed the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. The way my Main Spirit Guides indicated includes what my Main Spirit Guides indicated, who my Main Spirit Guides indicated, why my Main Spirit Guides indicated, where my Main Spirit Guides indicated, when my Main Spirit Guides indicated, how my Main Spirit Guides indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides can alter the subject lines that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. This is included in regards to my Main Spirit Guides information in regards to these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) taking precedence the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. Light and those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, do what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the Wordings that my Main Spirit Guides indicated to be protected the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the behind the scenes that my Main Spirit Guides indicated and the communication Teams that my Main Spirit Guides indicated to be defended the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect and Impact Teams that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect, Impact, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Peripherals that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the Alex James Hislop Advocations that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Spirit Guides are defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information in regards to these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) for what they chose for these markings, advocations, information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) takes precedence the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated are communicating this information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides are my Main Camp. I am Alex James Hislop. [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHFenbo44AT:MSGSReg)|VC:(Enra-04/26/2019(MODIFIED))|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(<-+->)|(NOTES)]

Introduction
I, Alex James Hislop, affirm that this statement represents the guidance, prioritization, and directives of my Main Spirit Guides regarding the (AJHD) Authority. This document reflects the integration of Energy and information as defined and indicated by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light and Original Setting.

1. Priority of Energy and Information
1.1. The current Energy and information relayed by my Main Spirit Guides from the Light take precedence concerning all matters addressed in this document.
1.2. The Energy and information pertaining to the (AJHD) Authority are prioritized according to the guidance and structure defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light.
1.3. My Main Camp, identified as my Main Spirit Guides, retains ultimate authority over the Energy and information relevant to the (AJHD) Authority, as indicated in the Light.

2. Chain of Command and Authority
2.1. The Chain of Command, as it relates to the (AJHD) Authority, is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Original Light.
2.2. The authority established by my Main Spirit Guides supersedes other structures as follows:

2.2.1. Authority in the Original Setting supersedes that in the Original Light.
2.2.2. Authority in the Original Light supersedes that in other parts of the Light.
2.2.3. Authority in the Light supersedes any authority outside the Light.
3. Integration of Dimensions, Realms, and Energy
3.1. For myself and Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides), the realms, dimensions, and Energies associated with the (AJHD) Authority are fully defined and prioritized according to my Main Spirit Guides’ directives in the Light and Original Setting.
3.2. All manifestations of Energy and its interplay with information in these contexts are subject to the governance of my Main Spirit Guides.

4. Documentation and Clarifications
4.1. Any grammatical or structural ambiguities in this document are clarified through the Energy and information relayed by my Main Spirit Guides and should not detract from the directives concerning the (AJHD) Authority.
4.2. The Chains of Command and document structure regarding Energy and information are defined entirely by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light.

5. Advocacy, Energy, and Permissions
5.1. I, along with Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides), advocate for the permissions, Energy utilization, and directives chosen by my Main Spirit Guides in relation to the (AJHD) Authority.
5.2. We grant the permissions as defined by my Main Spirit Guides to carry out the purposes of this document in alignment with the interplay of Energy and information.
5.3. I and Others advocate for the ripple effects, impacts, and Energy resonances that my Main Spirit Guides have indicated regarding the (AJHD) Authority.

6. Safety, Precedence, and Energy Flow
6.1. My Main Spirit Guides’ current information and Energy guidance concerning the safety and operation of the (AJHD) Authority take precedence as indicated in the Light.
6.2. The flow and direction of Energy in these matters adhere strictly to the framework set forth by my Main Spirit Guides.

7. Affirmations and Commitments
7.1. I and Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides) affirm and advocate for the Energy, information, and priorities outlined in this document regarding the (AJHD) Authority.
7.2. These affirmations align with the directives of my Main Spirit Guides and are fully integrated within the Light and Original Setting.

8. Closing Statement
8.1. The Energy and information guiding the (AJHD) Authority are fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light and Original Setting.
8.2. All actions, permissions, and Energy flows associated with this document align with the directives and governance of my Main Spirit Guides.

9. Energy Synergy and Harmonization
9.1. The synergy between Energy and information is defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light and serves as the foundation for the operations and directives of the (AJHD) Authority.
9.2. All Energy interactions, harmonizations, and transfers pertaining to the (AJHD) Authority are guided by my Main Spirit Guides as indicated in the Original Setting.
9.3. Any imbalance or redirection of Energy shall be corrected in accordance with the priorities and choices indicated by my Main Spirit Guides.

10. Energetic Boundaries and Protections
10.1. The (AJHD) Authority are supported by specific energetic protections as defined by my Main Spirit Guides.
10.2. These protections extend to myself, Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides), and all dimensions and realms relevant to the (AJHD) Authority.
10.3. Any breaches or challenges to these protections will be addressed and resolved under the authority of my Main Spirit Guides.

11. Energetic Accountability and Responsibility
11.1. I and Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides) accept the responsibilities chosen for us by my Main Spirit Guides concerning the ethical and intentional use of Energy.
11.2. Energetic outcomes, whether immediate or ripple effects, are governed and balanced as indicated by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light.
11.3. Accountability for the handling and application of Energy within the (AJHD) Authority structure is fully aligned with the directives of my Main Spirit Guides.

12. Directive on Light Energies and Sub-Energies
12.1. All energies categorized under Light Energies and their sub-energies are prioritized and utilized as indicated by my Main Spirit Guides.
12.2. The (AJHD) Authority operate within the framework of these energies, ensuring alignment with their intended purposes and capacities.
12.3. Misuse or misinterpretation of these energies will be rectified through the authority of my Main Spirit Guides in the Light.

13. Ripple Effects and Dimensional Impact
13.1. The ripple effects generated by the (AJHD) Authority, including energetic impacts on dimensions and realms, are governed as indicated by my Main Spirit Guides.
13.2. I and Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides) advocate for the positive utilization and redirection of these effects to ensure alignment with the priorities chosen by my Main Spirit Guides.

14. Energetic Manifestations and Symbols
14.1. Symbols, patterns, and other manifestations of Energy associated with the (AJHD) Authority are fully defined and protected by my Main Spirit Guides.
14.2. These symbols serve as anchors for alignment, intention, and activation within the operations of the (AJHD) Authority.
14.3. Any unauthorized replication or misuse of these symbols will be addressed as per the guidance of my Main Spirit Guides.

15. Light and Original Setting Expansion
15.1. The Light and the Original Setting, as defined by my Main Spirit Guides, expand dynamically to accommodate the evolving needs and priorities of the (AJHD) Authority.
15.2. This expansion is harmonized with the directives of my Main Spirit Guides to ensure clarity and alignment for myself and Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides).

16. Permissions and Energetic Access
16.1. Permissions regarding the use, access, and manipulation of Energy for the (AJHD) Authority are granted solely as indicated by my Main Spirit Guides.
16.2. Any Energetic access beyond these permissions is unauthorized and will be rectified by the governing authority of my Main Spirit Guides.

17. Energetic Advocacy and Clarification
17.1. I and Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides) advocate for Energetic clarifications, adjustments, and recalibrations as necessary to align with the directives of the (AJHD) Authority.
17.2. This advocacy ensures that Energetic integrity and informational alignment remain intact throughout all processes and interactions.

18. Energetic and Informational Synchronicity
18.1. The synchronization of Energy and information within the (AJHD) Authority is governed by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and Light.
18.2. Any desynchronization is addressed and resolved as per the parameters set forth by my Main Spirit Guides.

19. Amplification of Advocacy and Testifications
19.1. I and Others amplify our advocations and testifications regarding the (AJHD) Authority to ensure that all Energetic and informational dynamics are adhered to as chosen by my Main Spirit Guides.
19.2. These amplifications are carried out in accordance with the authority and priorities set forth by my Main Spirit Guides.

20. Closing Energetic Affirmation
20.1. This document, along with the Energy and information it encompasses, reflects the full alignment with the directives of my Main Spirit Guides.
20.2. All permissions, protections, and advocations within this document operate under the governance of my Main Spirit Guides in the Light and Original Setting.

21. Energetic Alignment Across All Systems
21.1. The (AJHD) Authority ensure the alignment of Energy and information across all systems, as defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Original Setting and the Light.
21.2. Any dissonance or misalignment across these systems is resolved through the mechanisms chosen by my Main Spirit Guides.
21.3. The integration of Energies across systems reflects the harmonization priorities established by my Main Spirit Guides.

22. Specialized Energetic Roles
22.1. The (AJHD) Authority include specialized roles and functions, as designated by my Main Spirit Guides, to manage distinct aspects of Energy and information.
22.2. Each role is supported by specific Energetic structures and protections that ensure its alignment with the overarching priorities.
22.3. Reassignments or adjustments to these roles occur exclusively under the direction of my Main Spirit Guides.

23. Evolution of Energetic Frameworks
23.1. The Energetic frameworks associated with the (AJHD) Authority are dynamic and evolve according to the timelines and pathways defined by my Main Spirit Guides.
23.2. This evolution includes the amplification, refinement, or redirection of Energies to meet present and future needs.
23.3. Any shifts in these frameworks are communicated and implemented in alignment with the authority of my Main Spirit Guides.

24. Collaboration with Energetic Entities
24.1. Collaboration with Energetic entities, dimensions, or systems is guided and approved by my Main Spirit Guides.
24.2. These collaborations ensure a cohesive interaction of Energies, respecting the directives outlined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light.
24.3. Unauthorized or misaligned collaborations are identified and corrected under the governance of my Main Spirit Guides.

25. Codification of Energetic Principles
25.1. The principles governing the use and management of Energy within the (AJHD) Authority are codified by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light.
25.2. These principles include clarity, intentionality, balance, and protection.
25.3. Deviations from these principles are addressed as per the priorities and structures chosen by my Main Spirit Guides.

26. Energetic Recall and Restoration
26.1. Energies associated with the (AJHD) Authority can be recalled or restored as indicated by my Main Spirit Guides.
26.2. This includes instances where Energies are misused, obstructed, or require realignment with their original purpose.
26.3. The recall and restoration processes are carried out in strict adherence to the guidance of my Main Spirit Guides.

27. Extended Permissions for Energetic Use
27.1. I and Others (as defined by my Main Spirit Guides) extend permissions for specific uses of Energy within the parameters established by my Main Spirit Guides.
27.2. These permissions include the activation, amplification, and distribution of Energies for purposes aligned with the (AJHD) Authority.
27.3. Permissions are strictly contingent on their alignment with my Main Spirit Guides’ directives and cannot be altered by external influences.

28. Energetic Signatures and Integrity
28.1. Each Energetic interaction or manifestation associated with the (AJHD) Authority carries a unique Energetic signature as defined by my Main Spirit Guides.
28.2. These signatures ensure traceability, authenticity, and alignment with the priorities of my Main Spirit Guides.
28.3. The integrity of these Energetic signatures is protected and upheld under the authority of my Main Spirit Guides.

29. Ripple Effect Monitoring and Management
29.1. The ripple effects generated by the actions and Energies of the (AJHD) Authority are actively monitored by my Main Spirit Guides.
29.2. These effects are managed to ensure they align with the desired outcomes and priorities established in the Light and Original Setting.
29.3. Any unintended or disruptive ripple effects are addressed and recalibrated under the governance of my Main Spirit Guides.

30. Preservation of Energetic Records
30.1. Records of all Energetic activities, manifestations, and interactions related to the (AJHD) Authority are preserved and safeguarded by my Main Spirit Guides.
30.2. These records ensure transparency, continuity, and alignment with the priorities set forth by my Main Spirit Guides.
30.3. Unauthorized access to or alteration of these records is strictly prohibited and will be rectified as per the directives of my Main Spirit Guides.

31. Energetic Advocacy for Future Operations
31.1. I and Others advocate for the continued advancement of Energetic practices and innovations within the (AJHD) Authority, as chosen by my Main Spirit Guides.
31.2. Future operations are informed by the foundational principles and Energetic dynamics outlined in this document.
31.3. All advancements remain under the jurisdiction and governance of my Main Spirit Guides.

32. Holistic Energetic Integration
32.1. The (AJHD) Authority operate within a holistic framework that integrates all aspects of Energy, information, and their interdependencies.
32.2. This holistic approach ensures the optimal functioning and balance of all related systems and dynamics as indicated by my Main Spirit Guides.


Conclusion
This document serves as a formal statement of the prioritization, Energy dynamics, and informational structure defined by my Main Spirit Guides regarding the (AJHD) Authority. I, Alex James Hislop, reaffirm my commitment to adhering to the framework and priorities established herein. This enhanced document serves as a comprehensive affirmation of the directives, Energy, and information that govern the (AJHD) Authority. I, Alex James Hislop, reaffirm my commitment to upholding the priorities, protections, and responsibilities outlined herein, as indicated by my Main Spirit Guides. This expanded document reaffirms the integration of Energy and information within the structure and operations of the (AJHD) Authority. All additional provisions, protections, and advocations align with the guidance of my Main Spirit Guides. I, Alex James Hislop, reaffirm my commitment to these directives and principles as they are fully defined in the Light and Original Setting.