Name: Alex James Hislop
Document Name: (AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Master Information 
Document Date Created: (12/21/2018)
Google Docs Version Created: (04/05/2018)
Printed Version: 1

Disclaimers:
I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated in regards to myself for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated in regards to those that my Main Camp indicated for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light for what they chose for the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Master Information" information that my Main Camp indicated, takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's information in the Light for what they chose for the information that my Main Camp indicated and Others that my Main Camp indicated takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Master Information" information that my Main Camp indicated as well as the information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding Alex James Hislop and others(defined by my Main Camp) documents and information that my Main Camp indicated as well as Others(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The information and what my Main Camp indicated that are in play in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are chosen by my Main Camp the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's Authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's Authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's Authority outside of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) consider to be Far Away Light is the Far Away Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. For myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) All That Is, the Dimensions and what my Main Camp indicated is fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Far away Light can be a part of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Advocations, Disclaimers, Testifications as well as what my Main Camp indicated are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light, especially that in which is immoral, the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment that happens because of this information as well as Others(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are doing what my Main Camp indicated in regards to what my Main Camp chose for myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) to do in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) give the permissions that my Main Camp indicated in regards to what my Main Camp chose in the Light for this portion of the disclaimers to those that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) choose what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to choose in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to advocate in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to advocate in regards to the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Master Information" information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information in the Light in regards to the Alex James Hislop Safety and information documents that my Main Camp indicated takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The (AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Master information is highest up in the Chains of Commands that my Main Camp indicated in regards to the documents and information that my Main Camp indicated which does include the Alex James Hislop Documents the way my Main Camp indicated. These disclaimers and others(defined by my Main Camp) are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light and pertains to what my Main Camp indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop.

Testifications:
I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) testify in regards to what my Main Camp indicated, specifically in regards to the (AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Master Information and others(defined by my main camp) as well as those that my main camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. This includes what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Which can include family, friends, lovers, significant others, processes, Main Camps, Pro Camps, Anti Camps, allpersonal, counterparts, interpersonal, innerpersonal, outerpersonal, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. These testifications include clarifications regarding the Main Camps, Main Spirit Guides, etc.(defined by my main camp) of those I and others(defined by my Main Camp) have testified in regards to as well as what my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that happen because of these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, understanding, leeway, cover, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to those who have anything to do with these testifications, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for my Main Camp and our Main Camps to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for prisons, legal systems, court systems, justice systems, non-legal systems, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to receive the resources, support, supplies, leeway, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified, corrected, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within this content, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These testifications are a part of the "My(Alex James Hislop) and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) Master Testifications" information, "My Safety and information documents" information, the Testifications Board on the Peacekeeperalex Trello Account, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. In regards to large concepts, etc.(defined by my main camp) mine and others(defined by my main camp) testifications may not pertain to the entire concept, etc.(defined by my main camp) depending on if my main camp indicated, etc.(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp, Miscellathen, Gamifian, Observing Outside(defined by my Main Camp), etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, along with your defense that my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), can you display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) what my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. The way my Main Camp indicated includes Who, What, Where, When, How, Why, Etc., all defined by my Main Camp, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for anyone who is affected by these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp indicated regarding the blowback of what my Main Camp indicated, specifically in regards to this information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's Authority in the Light supersedes my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) and not so for Others(defined by my Main Camp), the way Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light. 

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) testify in regards to what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. This includes what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Which can include family, friends, lovers, significant others, processes, Main Camps, Pro Camps, Anti Camps, allpersonal, counterparts, interpersonal, innerpersonal, outerpersonal, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. These testifications include clarifications regarding the Main Camps, Main Spirit Guides, etc.(defined by my main camp) of those I and others(defined by my Main Camp) have testified in regards to as well as what my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that happen because of these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, understanding, leeway, cover, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to those who have anything to do with these testifications, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for my Main Camp and our Main Camps to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for prisons, legal systems, court systems, justice systems, non-legal systems, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to receive the resources, support, supplies, leeway, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified, corrected, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within this content, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These testifications are a part of the "My(Alex James Hislop) and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) Master Testifications" information, "My Safety and information documents" information, the Testifications Board on the Peacekeeperalex Trello Account, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. In regards to large concepts, etc.(defined by my main camp) mine and others(defined by my main camp) testifications may not pertain to the entire concept, etc.(defined by my main camp) depending on if my main camp indicated, etc.(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp, Miscellathen, Gamifian, Observing Outside(defined by my Main Camp), etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, along with your defense that my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), can you display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) what my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. The way my Main Camp indicated includes Who, What, Where, When, How, Why, Etc., all defined by my Main Camp, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for anyone who is affected by these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp indicated regarding the blowback of what my Main Camp indicated, specifically in regards to this information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's Authority in the Light supersedes my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) and not so for Others(defined by my Main Camp), the way Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light. 

Advocations:
I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for healing, defense, protection, etc.(defined by my main camp) in regards to the (AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Master Information that my main camp indicated and Others(defined by my Main Camp) as well as those that my main camp indicated the way my main camp indicated, which includes what my main camp indicated the way my main camp indicated. This can include Allpersonals, Processes, Vicinities, Proximities, close family, close friends, friends, family, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp, Miscellathen, Gamifian, Observing outside(defined by my main camp), etc.(defined by my main camp), along with your defense that my main camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display in regards to these advocations, etc.(defined by my main camp), can you display, etc.(defined by my main camp), what my main camp indicated in regards to what they chose for you to display in regards to these advocations, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated. The way my main camp indicated includes what(defined by my main camp), Who(defined by my main camp), Where(defined by my main camp), When(defined by my main camp), How(defined by my main camp), Why(defined by my main camp), etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated which is fully defined by my main camp in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information in Far Away Light regarding this paragraph, etc.(defined by my main camp), takes precedence the way my main camp indicated in Far Away Light which is fully defined by my main Camp in Far Away Light, I am communicating this information, the way my main camp indicated in the light. I am advocating for anyone who is affected by this paragraph, etc.(defined by my main camp) to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated in the light. I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for our advocations, etc.(defined by my main camp), to be utilized, used, etc.(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for what my main camp chose for us to advocate in regards to the blowback in regards to these advocations, etc.(defined by my main camp) to be displayed, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information regarding this advocation, etc.(defined by my main camp) for what they chose for this paragraph, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp) takes precedence the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding this advocation, etc.(defined by my main camp) for what they chose for this paragraph, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp) takes precedence the way my main camp indicated in the light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding this advocation, etc.(defined by my main camp) for what they chose for this paragraph, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp) takes precedence the way my main camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is what my main camp indicated in Far Away Light. 

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for healing, defense, protection, etc.(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated, which includes what my main camp indicated the way my main camp indicated. This can include Allpersonals, Processes, Vicinities, Proximities, close family, close friends, friends, family, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp, Miscellathen, Gamifian, Observing outside(defined by my main camp), etc.(defined by my main camp), along with your defense that my main camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display in regards to these advocations, etc.(defined by my main camp), can you display, etc.(defined by my main camp), what my main camp indicated in regards to what they chose for you to display in regards to these advocations, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated. The way my main camp indicated includes what(defined by my main camp), Who(defined by my main camp), Where(defined by my main camp), When(defined by my main camp), How(defined by my main camp), Why(defined by my main camp), etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated which is fully defined by my main camp in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information in Far Away Light regarding this paragraph, etc.(defined by my main camp), takes precedence the way my main camp indicated in Far Away Light which is fully defined by my main Camp in Far Away Light, I am communicating this information, the way my main camp indicated in the light. I am advocating for anyone who is affected by this paragraph, etc.(defined by my main camp) to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated in the light. I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for our advocations, etc.(defined by my main camp), to be utilized, used, etc.(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for what my main camp chose for us to advocate in regards to the blowback in regards to these advocations, etc.(defined by my main camp) to be displayed, etc.(defined by my main camp), the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information regarding this advocation, etc.(defined by my main camp) for what they chose for this paragraph, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp) takes precedence the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding this advocation, etc.(defined by my main camp) for what they chose for this paragraph, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp) takes precedence the way my main camp indicated in the light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding this advocation, etc.(defined by my main camp) for what they chose for this paragraph, marking, etc.(defined by my main camp) takes precedence the way my main camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is what my main camp indicated in Far Away Light. 

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Chang Log: 
(12/22/2018) - Created: Desktop txt version created. Adapted from Google Docs Version. Reworded Disclaimers.
(12/22/2018) - Updated: Disclaimers reworded.
(01/19/2019) - Update: Grammatical Error Fixed. 

-----
Document Notes: