Name: Alex James Hislop
Document Name: (AJHD) (Personal) Jamie Hart 
Document Creation Date: (-11/29/2018-) 
Printed Draft Version: 1
Communications: #peacekeepers-discord-server #(AJHD) (Personal) Jamie Hart #((AJHD) (Personal) Ed Hart #(AJHD) (Personal) Buddha Hart #(AJHD) (Personal) Penny Hart #Love #Care #Compassion #Kindness #ILoveYou
Disclaimers: I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light regarding what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to myself for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light in regards to those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides in the Light indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light for what they chose for the "(AJHD) (Personal) Jamie Hart" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated, takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides information in the Light for what they chose for the information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated and others that my Main Spirit Guides indicated takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) can be clarified by my Main Spirit Guides information and should not deter from the information within the "(AJHD) (Personal) Jamie Hart" information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated as well as the information that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides current information from the Light regarding mine and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) documents and information takes priority how my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. The documents and information as well as others that my Main Spirit Guides indicated that are in play in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are chosen by my Main Spirit Guides the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Spirit Guides Authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Spirit Guides Authority outside of the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) consider to be Far Away Light is the Far Away Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. For myself and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) All That Is, the Dimensions and what my Main Spirit Guides indicated is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. Far Away Light can be a part of the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. Alex James Hislop and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) Advocations, Disclaimers, Testifications as well as what my Main Spirit Guides indicated are fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the punishment that happens because of this information, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) as well as others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) to be what my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. These disclaimers are fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light and pertain to what my Main Spirit Guides indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to the ripple affect, blowback, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) of these disclaimers, advocations, markings, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) as well as others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to Jamie Hart's Actions, Jamie Hart's Non-Actions and Jamie Hart's etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. These disclaimers can still work regardless of later disclaimers versions pending on if my Main Spirit Guides indicated this to be the case the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. My Main Spirit Guides collaborated with Jamie Hart's Main Spirit Guides, those who my Main Spirit Guides in the Light indicated in regards to this marking, disclaimers, advocations, etc.(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What Jamie Hart's Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light in regards to Jamie Hart for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority the way Jamie Hart's Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) testify in regards to Jamie Hart and those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides) are advocating for the punishment pertaining to the testifications that my Main Spirit Guides indicated especially these ones to be what my Main Spirit Guides indicated.

Advocations: 

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for Healing, protection, defense, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) specifically in regards to the (AJHD) (Personal) Jamie Hart information that my Main Camp indicated and others(defined by my main camp)  the way my main camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for our advocations, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be utilized, used, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to this information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated with my Main Camp's information in the light taking precedence. My Main Camp's current information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's chain of command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light.

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for Healing, protection, defense, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my main camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for our advocations, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be utilized, used, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to this information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated with my Main Camp's information in the light taking precedence. My Main Camp's current information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's chain of command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light.

I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for what my main camp indicated in regards to Jamie Hart the way my main camp indicated. 

I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, etc.(defined by my main camp) in regards to Jamie Hart and others(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. 

I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, etc.(defined by my main camp) in regards to Jamie Hart's process that my main camp indicated and others(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. 

I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, etc.(defined by my main camp) in regards to Jamie Hart's Anti-Camp that my main camp indicated and others(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. 

I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, etc.(defined by my main camp) in regards to Jamie Hart's Pro-Camp that my main camp indicated and others(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. 

I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, etc.(defined by my main camp) in regards to the kinds of ways that processes can operate that my main camp indicated the way my main camp indicated. 

I and others(defined by my main camp) are advocating for the Light that my main camp indicated to protect Jamie Hart and those that my main camp indicated the way my main camp indicated. 