Name: Alex James Hislop
Document Name: (AJHD) (Personal) Alex James Hislop Accounts
Date: (-12/12/2018-)

Disclaimers:
My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to anything my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's information from Far Away Light in regards to others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the "(AJHD) (Personal) Alex James Hislop Accounts" information that my Main Camp indicated, takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) that my Main Camp from Far away indicated takes precedence the way my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within the "(AJHD) (Personal) Alex James Hislop Accounts" documents that my Main Camp indicated as well as "My Safety and Information documents," etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated the way my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. The documents that are in play in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) are chosen by my Main Camp from Far Away Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. Mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far away Light) disclaimers that my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated are a part of this information that my main camp indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far away Light) the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. For myself and others(defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light) All That Is, the Dimensions, etc.(defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light) are fully defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. Far Away Light can be a part of the Light in regards to those that my Main Camp indicated the way Main Camp indicated in the Light. When I say that "with my Main Camp's information in Far Away Light taking precedence," I am saying that my Main Camp's current information in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's current information outside of Far Away Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to Mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) advocations, especially that in which is considered to be immoral, the way my Main Camp indicated. I am advocating for the punishment that happens because of this paragraph, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) to be what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These disclaimers pertain to what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light which are fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light.

My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to anything my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding anything to do with me and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's information from Far Away Light in regards to others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the Alex James Hislop Accounts that my Main Camp indicated, takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light for what they chose for the documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) that my Main Camp from Far away indicated takes precedence the way my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within the Alex James Hislop Accounts that my Main Camp indicated as well as "My Safety and Information documents," etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light regarding mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) documents, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) takes precedence how my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated the way my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated. The documents that are in play in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) are chosen by my Main Camp from Far Away Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. Mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far away Light) disclaimers that my Main Camp from Far Away Light indicated are a part of this information that my main camp indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far away Light) the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. For myself and others(defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light) All That Is, the Dimensions, etc.(defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light) are fully defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. Far Away Light can be a part of the Light in regards to those that my Main Camp indicated the way Main Camp indicated in the Light. When I say that "with my Main Camp's information in Far Away Light taking precedence," I am saying that my Main Camp's current information in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's current information outside of Far Away Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from Far Away Light takes precedence in regards to Mine and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) advocations, especially that in which is considered to be immoral, the way my Main Camp indicated. I am advocating for the punishment that happens because of this paragraph, etc.(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) to be what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These disclaimers pertain to what my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light which are fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light.

Testifications:
I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) testify in regards to what my Main Camp indicated, specifically in regards to the (AJHD) (Personal) Alex James Hislop Accounts information that my main camp indicated and others(defined by my main camp) as well s those that my main camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. This includes what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Which can include family, friends, lovers, significant others, processes, Main Camps, Pro Camps, Anti Camps, allpersonal, counterparts, interpersonal, innerpersonal, outerpersonal, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. These testifications include clarifications regarding the Main Camps, Main Spirit Guides, etc.(defined by my main camp) of those I and others(defined by my Main Camp) have testified in regards to as well as what my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that happen because of these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, understanding, leeway, cover, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to those who have anything to do with these testifications, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for my Main Camp and our Main Camps to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for prisons, legal systems, court systems, justice systems, non-legal systems, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to receive the resources, support, supplies, leeway, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified, corrected, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within this content, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These testifications are a part of the "My(Alex James Hislop) and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) Master Testifications" information, "My Safety and information documents" information, the Testifications Board on the Peacekeeperalex Trello Account, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. In regards to large concepts, etc.(defined by my main camp) mine and others(defined by my main camp) testifications may not pertain to the entire concept, etc.(defined by my main camp) depending on if my main camp indicated, etc.(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp, Miscellathen, Gamifian, Observing Outside(defined by my Main Camp), etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, along with your defense that my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), can you display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) what my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. The way my Main Camp indicated includes Who, What, Where, When, How, Why, Etc., all defined by my Main Camp, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for anyone who is affected by these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp indicated regarding the blowback of what my Main Camp indicated, specifically in regards to this information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's Authority in the Light supersedes my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) and not so for Others(defined by my Main Camp), the way Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light.  

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) testify in regards to what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. This includes what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Which can include family, friends, lovers, significant others, processes, Main Camps, Pro Camps, Anti Camps, allpersonal, counterparts, interpersonal, innerpersonal, outerpersonal, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. These testifications include clarifications regarding the Main Camps, Main Spirit Guides, etc.(defined by my main camp) of those I and others(defined by my Main Camp) have testified in regards to as well as what my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that happen because of these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for defense, healing, protection, understanding, leeway, cover, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to those who have anything to do with these testifications, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for my Main Camp and our Main Camps to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for prisons, legal systems, court systems, justice systems, non-legal systems, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to receive the resources, support, supplies, leeway, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, the way my Main Camp indicated. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified, corrected, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within this content, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. These testifications are a part of the "My(Alex James Hislop) and others(defined by my Main Camp from Far Away Light) Master Testifications" information, "My Safety and information documents" information, the Testifications Board on the Peacekeeperalex Trello Account, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. In regards to large concepts, etc.(defined by my main camp) mine and others(defined by my main camp) testifications may not pertain to the entire concept, etc.(defined by my main camp) depending on if my main camp indicated, etc.(defined by my main camp) the way my main camp indicated. My Main Camp, Miscellathen, Gamifian, Observing Outside(defined by my Main Camp), etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated, along with your defense that my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), can you display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) what my Main Camp indicated currently for what they chose for you to display, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to these testifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. The way my Main Camp indicated includes Who, What, Where, When, How, Why, Etc., all defined by my Main Camp, the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for anyone who is affected by these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be protected, defended, healed, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp indicated regarding the blowback of what my Main Camp indicated, specifically in regards to this information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp), the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for these testifications, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's Authority in the Light supersedes my Main Camp's authority outside of the Light in regards to myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) and not so for Others(defined by my Main Camp), the way Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light.

Advocations:
I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for healing, defense, support, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to the (AJHD) (PPersonal) Alex James Hislop Accounts information that my Main Camp indicated and others(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for our advocations, clarifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be utilized, used, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to this advocation, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the ripple effect, impact, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to this advocation, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for etc.(defined by my Main Camp) and others(defined by my Main Camp) to be protected the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the correction overlaps to exist where my Main Camp indicated in regards to the errors that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the information that my Main Camp indicated in regards to safeties pertaining to those that don't do disclaimers, advocations, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop. [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TN:AJHF44AT:MCSCricket)|VC:(Denray-02/15/2019)|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(*<-+->*)|(NOTES)] 

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for healing, defense, support, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for our advocations, clarifications, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be utilized, used, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to this advocation, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the ripple effect, impact, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) in regards to this advocation, information, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for etc.(defined by my Main Camp) and others(defined by my Main Camp) to be protected the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the correction overlaps to exist where my Main Camp indicated in regards to the errors that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the information that my Main Camp indicated in regards to safeties pertaining to those that don't do disclaimers, advocations, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Camp in Far Away Light. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop. [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TN:AJHF44AT:MCSCricket)|VC:(Denray-02/15/2019)|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(*<-+->*)|(NOTES)] 

Most of the Following accounts are linked to my alex.j.hislop@gmail.com account. 
Shortlist:
Google
Trello
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Evernote
Pinterest
Microsoft
Notepad++
Steam
EA Origin
Blizzard
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Infinity
Discrod
Zoom
Plex
Netflix
IMDB
Nvidia
ATI
Intel
Amazon
OBS 
ComicRack 
Radionomy
Kialo
others(defined by my Main Spirit Guides)
Light and others(defined by my Main Camp) display the other accounts that my Main Spirit Guides indicated daily in regards to the accounts that the disclaimers in regards to the (AJHD) (Personal) Alex James Hislop Accounts pertain the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. 
Light and others(defined by my Main Camp) display the other accounts that my Main Spirit Guides indicated daily in regards to the accounts that the disclaimers in regards to the (AJHD) Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Accounts pertain the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. 


 