I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated in regards to myself for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated in regards to those that my Main Camp indicated for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light for what they chose for the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop's Main Camp Supplies" information that my Main Camp indicated, takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's information in the Light for what they chose for the information that my Main Camp indicated and others that my Main Camp indicated takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop's Main Camp Supplies" information that my Main Camp indicated as well as the information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) documents and information that my Main Camp indicated as well as Others(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The information and what my Main Camp indicated that are in play in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are chosen by my Main Camp the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Authority in Far Away Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's Authority in other parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in Far Away Light. My Main Camp's Authority in the Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's Authority outside of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) consider to be Far Away Light is the Far Away Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. For myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) All That Is, the Dimensions and what my Main Camp indicated is fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Far Away Light can be part of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Advocations, Disclaimers, Testifications as well as what my Main Camp indicated are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light, especially that in which is immoral, the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment that happens because of this information as well as others(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are doing what my Main Camp indicated in regards to what my Main Camp chose for myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) to do in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) give permissions that my Main Camp indicated in regards to what my Main Camp chose in the Light for this portion of the disclaimers to those that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) choose what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to choose in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to advocate in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to advocate in regards to the "(AJHD) Alex James Hislop's Main Camp Supplies" information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information in the Light in regards to the Alex James Hislop Safety and Information Documents that my Main Camp indicated takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The Chains of Commands in regards to document structure, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop. [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TN:(AJH44DT:MCSMain)|VC:(Choco-12/27/2018)|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(*<-+->*)|(NOTES)]