Name: Alex James Hislop 
Document Name: (AJHD) Truthers
Date: (06/15/2019)

Disclaimers:
I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) for what they chose for us in regards to this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for us in regards to this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for the "(AJHD) Truthers" information that my Main Camp indicated as well as other information that my Main Camp indicated takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) within this content, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within this content and what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. For myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) All That Is, the Dimensions, especially Far Away Light, as well as what my Main Camp indicated are defined by my Main Spirit Guides the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp chose for us in regards to the "(AJHD) Truthers" information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for safety in regards to those editors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated in regards to this content and what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the Digital Teams that my Main Camp indicated to receive what my Main Camp indicated especially the protection that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. Light, Dark and those that my Main Camp indicated, do what my Main Camp indicated in regards to this content the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop.  [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHF44DT:MCSContentMain)|VC:(Enra-04-04/26/2019)|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CopyPasteCode:(*<-+->*)|(NOTES)]

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) for what they chose for us in regards to this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for us in regards to this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information for what they chose for the "Truthers" information that my Main Camp indicated as well as other information that my Main Camp indicated takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) within this content, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within this content and what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. For myself and others(defined by my Main Camp) All That Is, the Dimensions, especially Far Away Light, as well as what my Main Camp indicated are defined by my Main Spirit Guides the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. My Main Spirit Guides Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp chose for us in regards to the "Truthers" information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for safety in regards to those editors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated in regards to this content and what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the Digital Teams that my Main Camp indicated to receive what my Main Camp indicated especially the protection that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. Light, Dark and those that my Main Camp indicated, do what my Main Camp indicated in regards to this content the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop.  [AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHF44DT:MCSContentMain)|VC:(Enra-04-04/26/2019)|MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CopyPasteCode:(*<-+->*)|(NOTES)]